add async examples to readme and create contributing.md (#683)
ably/ably-js: README.md

If you need to explicitly import the type definitions, see [ably.d.ts](./ably.d.ts) (or `promises.d.ts` if you're requiring the library as `ably/promises`).

## Async API style

> This library exposes two API variants. Firstly, the original (and presently the default) callback-based API, which follows the usual node.js error-first callback style. Second, a promises-based API. With the promises variant, you can still pass a callback to methods and the callback will work as expected, but if you do not pass a callback, the method will return a promise. The API in use can be selected explicitly by requiring that specific variant when requiring/importing the library (or in the case of the browser version, when instantiating it). The usage instructions below make reference to both variants.

Reviewer: Would prefer "Node.js" over "node.js", for correctness.

> For this library version, and for all future 1.x versions, the callback-based API will be the default, and the promises-based variant will need to be explicitly selected, to avoid breaking backwards compatibility. However, a move to the promises-based variant as the default is possible at the next major release. If you are not handling promises, and want a version of the library that will not start returning promises for calls where you don't pass a callback in future versions, you can explicitly require the callback variant.

Reviewer: The first sentence is a little long so do correct me if I've misinterpreted / misrepresented with my structural change suggestions.

I would also prefer to drop that final sentence (in my suggestion 👇) as we don't need to commit to that level of support at this stage. We may decide to make a clean break and only offer a promise-based API from 2.x, so I would prefer to leave that option on the table.

```suggestion
For this library version, and for all future 1.x versions, the callback-based API will be the default. This means that the promises-based variant will need to be explicitly selected, to avoid breaking backwards compatibility. A move to the promises-based variant as the default is likely at the next major release (i.e. 2.x onwards).
```

All examples assume a client has been created as follows:

> ```ts

Reviewer: It does bother me that you're needing to use `ts` highlighting for code that is definitely not TypeScript. My preference would be go go with `js` hightlighting, preferring correctness in the markdown at source level, rather than compensating for GitHub's rendering.

It looks like that may apply elsewhere in this PR, also.

Related, perhaps it's worth explicitly stating in the surrounding copy the ES level of the JavaScript being quoted?

Author: Unless I've made a mistake somewhere the code here should be TypeScript? It was certainly neither valid TypeScript nor valid JavaScript before. With regards to the ES level it might be best to just change the `var`s here to `const`s since no sane TypeScript developer would be using `var` but perhaps the same could be said for JavaScript code snippets both here and in the docs repo as well...

client.time(function(err, time) { ... }); // time is in ms since epoch
```

## Using the async API style

### Realtime Example

```ts
import * as Ably from 'ably/promises';

const client = new Ably.Realtime.Promise(options);

const ablyRealtimePromiseExample = async () => {
  const channel = client.channels.get('myChannel');

  // Attaching to a channel
  await channel.attach();

  client.connection.on('connected', async () => {

>     // Getting presence on a channel

Reviewer 2: ```
  // Attaching to a channel
  await channel.attach();

  client.connection.on('connected', async () => {
    // Getting presence on a channel
```

So, I know your intentions here are just listing a bunch of stuff that people can do, in no particular order. Trouble is, when people see a block of code in a readme, they tend to take it as a starting point, copy and paste the whole thing, and modify it. And if they do that with this, they'll get something broken (because it awaits the attach and then adds a connected listener once the channel is attached, which will then never fire because by the time the channel is attached it's already connected).

So while we can definitely do an example code block that lists a bunch of stuff you can do, I think that stuff has to be in an order that will actually work if run in that order.

(TBH I would get rid of the `on('connected'` listener from the basic example block. Unless there's something someone specifically wants to do every time the library reconnects, which is relatively rare, there's no actual need to do stuff within the connected listener, including it here might give a misleading impression that it's required)

Author: Thanks, I can see that the `connection.on` was pointless so I've removed that and made the examples _pretty much_ independently "runnable". The only real caveat is that the realtime example requires that the clientId has been specified (otherwise they throw at `channel.presence.enter()`). I'm not sure if it's worth making that obvious somehow or assuming that developers will generally be able to figure that out for themselves...

Reviewer 2: 👍 much better

client.time(function(err, time) { ... }); // time is in ms since epoch
```

## Using the async API style

### Realtime Example

```ts
import * as Ably from 'ably/promises';

const client = new Ably.Realtime.Promise(options);

const ablyRealtimePromiseExample = async () => {
  const channel = client.channels.get('myChannel');

  // Attaching to a channel
  await channel.attach();

  // Getting presence on a channel
  const presenceMessage = await channel.presence.get();
  console.log(presenceMessage);

  // Updating presence on a client
  await channel.presence.enter();
  await channel.presence.update('new status');
  await channel.presence.leave();

  // Publishing a message
  await channel.publish('greeting', 'Hello, World!');

  // Querying history
  const history = await channel.history({ limit: 25 });
  console.log(history);

  client.close();
};

ablyRealtimePromiseExample();
```

> ### Rest Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### REST Example
```
